television more environment than ever
well today is Friday of pets and the
today we have a great surprise that
well I think josefo my dear boss today
we have this exotic animal an animal
properly Mexican who is in danger
of extinction as you see let's talk about
the axolotls and it seems we have our
expert gustavo kings gustavo like
we are so very good girls guys
days
today more than talking about a pet we are going
to talk about an animal that is in
danger of extinction and that 100% Mexican
and well, what is the importance of knowing
to the animals that also here in the
federal district is originating nothing else
of xochimilco two lakes of sushi and good
has helped a lot in research
eight days ago we talked about the
stem cells we could not say that of
they thank them is that we have today
in day all this part of research
with regenerating stem cells
organ regeneration tissues
thanks to axolotls the mythical others
prehispanic writings in that encounter
also very specific descriptions
they are all from before the time
pre-Hispanic and there was the electrician
that this diver in this case please
present thus is it accompanies us the day of
today
from which he comes from neighborhood
unam a place also tinkay where
can go on to investigate or know
the species breeds national and varied and we
is going to talk closer to the axolotl and
how can we keep it
so it's good if it's important to know
that this species is endemic to our
country does not mean that it is not in
no other part of the world so
natural or wild and from our city
and our city negatively and that
it is therefore representative of our
pre-Hispanic culture our culture
current and that's why it's one of the
important neuralgic points for
to be able to keep it alive in the
bookstore that unfortunately for
occasions
of pollution and destruction of their
habitat is being lost is always
this species is not species kept
in this stage it is known as cap
larval larval and in them it presents a
phenomenon that is called neotenia means
that can be reproduced at this stage
there are other species not other but if
they have to lose the gills
develop lungs to serve a
aerial means and being able to reproduce what is
what people are asking you
right now the difference between
tadpole and axolotl perfectly the
tadpole is the larval stage of the
frogs and toads that if they put the
Eggs are born the tadpole suffers
process of metamorphosis and they will be
examines lose the tail and pass to a
air life of 40 lots not them not a
amazing change chapter 11 of the
way they can benefit
ecosystems so that people
also stop and understand the
importance of taking care of the ok are
important because they go or how they belong
like any other organism to the
food chain are controllers of
several
several species that can be considered
pests and that in turn they equal
belong to a
the hip that can also be prey
of other organisms that when losing the
they would eat something that is super
It is important to mention that not all
weight we met met one
function but in this part of the
amphibians an indicator a thermometer of
how is an ecosystem are just
the simple any kind of amphibian
it tells you if the ecosystem is good
if the water the air the earth will
they are in perfect condition
when they are no longer as there are
talking about there is a problem
the one that has red
the most beautiful animals has seen a
Andrés Neuman public moment that
approached the axolotls arrived who saw him
known face that has
So yes
this is good for them life
wild can be scored I repeat from
insects other fishes other long and
other long and in turn the laboratory
they are given from the brightness of this
little piece of liver
carmen is recommended to have them as
pet at home
not only send them as much as photos
because the people that there are people who
like to have your fish tank
they can be in the park of the
we are going to be a collection in favor
Hostel Don kayak from
11 in the morning food because it
he will thank you very much more than ever